[Applause]
[Music]
for
today's sponsor tuxmat this is a
luxurious and robust car mat with a
Precision Fit for whichever vehicle you
happen to own now the unit I have here
is for a model 3 so Wily Doo actually
gets the floor mat upgrade and check out
this unboxing experience the Box turns
into a car how fitting so this will be
Precision cut for your vehicle this is
the back of a Tesla Model 3 three you
can see you've got the tux matap
branding over here here we go now also
inside the package we have a QR code
which we can scan for an installation
guide this is going to be the driver's
side but importantly here we've got
reinforcement where your heels are going
to sit and this is a rubberized portion
very durable same kind of texture
elsewhere and you can see just how high
up in order to protect and sit
underneath your pedals now on this one
we've also got some velcro pieces to
help ensure that it stays in place and
we've got the perfect match for the
passenger side so tuxmat gives you a
durable and versatile all-weather floor
mat without necessarily looking like
some of those other all weather floor
mats this one does a better job of
convincing you that you're actually
looking at something that's more like
carpeting than something that's
rubberized so you don't have to
sacrifice the look while getting the
durability of in all weather matap
thanks again to tuxmat for sponsoring
this episode and if you guys are
interested and want to check if they
make tuxmat for your vehicle click the
link in the description and go check it
[Music]
out it is the day where luxury and I
mean like big time luxury
meets the electric car this is the first
eqs SUV mybach and this happens to be
the night Edition which is even more
rare even more expensive in USD over
200k in Canadian almost 300K
but not only are you getting not even
arguably definitely the most luxurious
electric vehicle but you're also getting
these fine little touches that come with
this night Edition now I've looked at a
variety of mybox well I've looked at the
gas powered mybox but never the electric
version and I've looked at the eqs but
not the myok version of that and when
you think about it these two worlds
colliding kind of makes sense because
the electric vehicle is already so quiet
to begin with and the Maybach brand is
all about
refinement and smoothness and comfort
and quietness with the thick doors and
the Dual pain privacy glass now you've
got a match made in heaven don't
[Music]
you this thing has so much to talk about
and look at and unlike previous videos
where I have a really short period of
time to tell you all about it this one
one I drove it for a week let's talk
about the exterior and then we'll move
into the inside which is really the
important place when it comes to luxury
like this first these wheels all the
tiny little Maybach emblems making up
this grid and this eqs series you know
some people have said The Styling is a
little bit mundane it's all about drag
coefficient efficiency
electricity whether it's the eqs sedan
or the eqs SUV these things get some
serious range this one is no different
450 460 km on a full charge and that's
with a vehicle that's extremely heavy
because you got all these luxury
features in there no expense spared
you've got these seats with motors and
massagers and recline this wheel is
doing Dual Purpose as Maybach design but
also for added range
by stopping some of that air from
getting trapped on the inside of the
wheel we've also got a fair amount of
rubber here and that's going to Aid in
your comfort level and then of course
we've also got mybach labeled there and
they have labeled mybach all over the
place except for one location
surprisingly which is the emblem where
they maintain the Mercedes emblem okay
now the front has some interesting
tidbits here obviously this thing has
your your smart features your assisted
cruise control we have a few different
tones going on so you can see many
elements blacked out for the night
Edition but the two-tone package which
always lets you know you're dealing with
the ultimate in luxury from Mercedes
however it's going to cost you in
Canadian funds this two-tone upgrade is
like it's over 20 grand but it is
beautiful and there are elements that
are done by hand including this
pinstripe here it just feels right on a
my
something else that's interesting since
you have to have front-facing cameras
for parking these are extremely useful
and in this case in order so that they
wouldn't disrupt this bar coming down
the front here and the symmetry of this
Grill they decided to put the
front-facing camera actually slightly
off center that decision I can see some
people questioning they would say well I
want the camera to be dead center they
chose a design element to be dead center
instead I think this is fine this
section here carries through a very
similar design to the wheels so you've
got this variety of mybach logos some
flipped upright and some flipped upside
down and then they've integrated some of
your front sensors we've even got mybok
logos inside of the headlights like
check that out right there there you see
the way it gently comes on and that's
another thing this vehicle greets you
this vehicle is happy to see you when
you arrive you get this little musical
chime obviously you've got the puddle
light projectors from the doors more
mybach emblems of course projected onto
the ground you can tweak all of this
atmospheric stuff on the outside inside
of the car but by default it's just like
this it's singing you a little song it's
letting you know that it's glad that
you've spent all this money it's a
reminder that you're not stepping into a
typical vehicle but instead you're
stepping into a myok and an electric
Mercedes this is a really interesting
location at first you might be thinking
that is a very narrow charge port well
it's not a charge port at all in fact
this might be the world's most
convenient refill station for your
washer fluid and by the way I was trying
to pop it open when the car was locked
and it wasn't allowing me to do so so
nobody can mess with your washer fluid
pour something else in there I mean I
didn't even think about that until I
just tried to open it while the car was
locked now one of the reasons for that
is because underneath This Hood there is
no frunk this is a frontless EV and you
might be like wait a sec there should be
plenty of room under there according to
Mercedes there's all kinds of important
components that are housed under there
and therefore you get no frunk and
you'll be refilling your washer fluid on
the side of the vehicle over here these
doors are motorized self-closing when
you get into the driver's seat if you
put your foot on the brake pedal the
door will close on its own you can also
program the unlock button if you press
and hold you can have it open in this
case the passenger door like magic look
at this go ahead step right up no
problem and to close the door a little
touch on the outside and more magic
another mybok logo down here I think
this is kind of funny this little step
because the car is not that high to
begin with another Maybach emblem here
this is maybe my favorite one of the
bunch I don't know why that is I just
feel like that is the perfect spot for
an emblem I just like this emblem also
on this side we have our charge port and
it's underneath this cap here this looks
pretty simple of course we have our flip
down for faster charging I can notice
some gaskets there as well to keep water
from getting in around back I mean it's
simple looking kind of from every angle
but what they've added is detail one of
those things is the way that you open
the trunk so a lot of SUVs you have some
sort of button down at the bottom where
it lifts up and you kind of search for
it and it gets dirty down there this one
you're not going to miss because it's
this giant Mercedes emblem in the center
and it does dual function because it
also flips up for your rear-facing
camera parking camera just push like
that and it opens up the trunk and of
course the whole time you're getting
that nice little Ambience of the tail
light there buzzing back and forth as
you do these activities the other thing
you notice when you open this up is this
detail here you have really what is an
upside down mybach emblem but then it's
right side up when you open up the trunk
this is all leather wrapped leather
stitched sections pretty much everywhere
we have a charge cable in the back it's
tethered so it doesn't jump around too
much and we've also got a little
compartment I didn't even open this up
yet but a little compartment for some
extras looks like an air compressor for
the Tire in there and one thing I do
like as well you have these metal
protectors for bigger pieces of luggage
and things this is the first for me I
haven't seen the luggage cover with
built-in speakers before so they figured
out a way to just give it a little added
depth burm if you haven't had exposure
it's sort of that topend as far as car
audio like from the factory this is
typically an upgrade from other brands
oh also this unit can be configured with
the refrigerator for some reason this
particular model that we're looking at
doesn't have that option but if you did
have the option for the fridge it would
be sitting sort of right here it is nice
to know that it is removable like so you
can take the fridge in and out if you
need more cargo but that's where it
would go if you don't have the fridge
configured this acts as a pass through
for longer items I put a few hockey
sticks through
there closed oh I should also mention
while we're on the outside you have a
big panoramic glass this does open and
it looks like you've also got a spot for
a roof rack Mercedes let's let's do a
project off-road mybach another burm
Master speaker here and one up top here
they're they are all over the place the
sound system and the sound experience I
had my 4-year-old daughter in here and
that was her number one favorite feature
I said before I said you're not going to
ride in this car anymore Mercedes is
taking this car back but I do want to
know what your favorite thing about it
was and she said listening to the trolls
soundtrack anyway over here is where
you're going to control and configure
your comfort for your seat here you have
seat heating you have seat cooling as
far as seat configuration goes my
favorite section is here this little
button on the top controls seat depth
this is this is my thigh okay it's kind
of a longer it's a longer thigh so a lot
of seats end up feeling kind of short
and I'll sit in it this is with it in
its default position you can see there's
a gap from the end of the seat to where
my leg actually ends so if I have this
up here that's half a thigh half half an
unsupported thigh so if I grab this guy
and move this out check out what happens
the seat depth and it's from the back so
my butt is actually see I can it's a
it's extending here see the seat pan is
moving out further so my butt can sink
back further even though this section
stays roughly the same length and then
look what happens I get this nice
support the whole way that's my favorite
car seat feature that I've uh
experienced the key with this vehicle is
just how quiet and peaceful it is the
world melts away your stress melts away
it truly has an effect on you when you
think about these refinements and you
think why would you go through this
painstaking process of trying to cut the
sound of the road or external sound so
much well obviously because you want to
charge people for it eventually but also
because you are trying to deliver the
most refined Driving Experience and I
think they may have done it in this
vehicle
[Music]
[Applause]
okay so we're inside now that's what
it's all about with the mybach the
inside bringing the mybok portion to the
eqs means that you're getting the most
updated and highest Tech interior
that Mercedes is really offering you're
getting this massive display across the
front well it's actually three different
displays but they make it seam like one
through this seamless piece of glass
that just carries across the whole thing
it's it's a really refined approach
compared to other Interiors where you
have oh Mercedes heard me say mer cancel
thanks likewise the other thing you're
going to notice is the ambient lighting
but essentially you've got this light
strip it goes all the way around the
vehicle and it's capable of responding
to situations so like if you're going to
exit your lane or something it goes red
so if we hit the ambient light button
yes it can do monochrome really any
color as you can see it carries to the
dash as well so that's all right you can
do monochrome obviously have brightness
settings you can do different zones you
can link the zones but multicolor is the
coolest some other cool options are
gradients that move between different
colors from Blue to teal or from purple
to
yellow cyan to magenta the fact that it
also moves through other Dash elements
and displays creates some amazing
Ambience at night I don't think any
other company competes in that space as
far as customizable Ambience because
there's so many different minor lighting
elements and Screen elements that are
all contributing to that Ambience like
down in the footwell or around
the vents which by the way are really
satisfying they kind of look like
something out of a retro fighter plane
but they're manual they're not inside of
a screen they're quick to adjust and
they're smooth and this tiny little RGB
ring lights up the pattern and just
contributes to that ambient so there is
another way to control the doors which
is via this display show you which doors
are open or closed and it'll let you
open or close any of the four doors from
this location you can see my door opens
up and I can exit now obviously you've
also got Wireless Android auto Apple
carplay options that are in here now
we're going to talk a little bit more
about this variety of features when
we're actually driving before we get out
on the road I just want to finish up
talking about the interior and most
importantly the back seat so this center
console here we get more of this kind of
open pour wood you can see the way it's
laid in there and just this really nice
texture to it this portion slides open
and you have a wireless charger up front
which you can see is lit and it has a
nonslip pad in there you also have two
USBC ports and they do Quick Charge
we've got another set of controls here
we can control our Drive modes and it's
currently in the mybox setting which
they suggest is to do mostly with your
suspension you're having mybox
suspension which is just like a way to
think about that is just the smoothest
ride you've ever experienced my bock is
the default is what I've been in almost
the entire time however there is a sport
mode and it will get more responsive
this thing is about 0 to 60 in 4.4
seconds I believe which is impressive
for a vehicle of this scale and weight
so extremely useful camera system for
parking assistance I can look at every
angle around the car rendered inside the
studio the other thing we have here is
some storage and actually what's inside
the storage right now is number 12 mood
interior perfume this car has a scent
aspect to it when it's setting the mood
with the ambient and the variety of
different sound profiles you can set up
but you can have a scent to go along
with it this installs in the glove box
we've also got headphones wireless
headphones you can see we have a nice
bag to hold it in look at these look at
those units right there I mean those are
cool enough on their own Mercedes
branded noise cancelling headphones two
pairs now this steering wheel is like
this glossy finish with leather wrap on
the inside a very luxurious feel uh if
you're familiar with Mercedes like this
is a thing s-classes it just you know
you're driving something different when
you have this dual setup on the wheel
with the gloss and the leather on the
inside of course you've got plenty of
adjustment for the wheel as well as far
as the seats are concerned like I mean
you got this beautiful quilted finish to
it all very high quality very adjustable
and then obviously a variety of
different massage settings as well which
maybe I'll turn those on when we
actually get out and get
[Music]
driving now nighttime
is when you want to be in this car it is
like cyberpunk it is like futuristic it
is unexpected my initial eqs video This
is the part that blew me away the most
and it gets a reaction every single time
the ambient Lighting in here is so
considerate all this variety of bright
and
linear and diffusion like subtle
diffusion you hear that gentle
hum that peaceful sound that
Ambience this diffused sound just kind
of there and this gradient that flows
through your dash see if I change the
mood it will affect the displays and the
ambience Miami Rose burning Blue Malibu
sunset Ocean Blue jungle Green Garnet
glow rose gold white amethyst
[Music]
glow all right so the back seat of the
mybach is where you want to be if you
can because this is the most comfortable
spot I mean it's better than a limo like
it's you have access to all your
entertainment you have the ability to
recline you've got this pillow where
your head is then you have these
optional lumbar pillows with mybach
branding on them I've actually got it
out right now cuz it lets me get a
little bit further back I am exactly 6
ft tall and I can get my feet up on this
foot rest like check out this
positioning here comes the foot rest as
well to support the bottom part of my
legs and this has a pillow on it also
and that just takes the weight off of my
heels over there so if I push my feet to
the side I can be comfortable no problem
it also will move the front seat forward
and then put the screen into the right
orientation for me to see it like at the
right angle now you might be saying how
are you going to reach that screen to
interact with it though well you don't
have to because you have this tablet
right here and I can either use the
tablet in that location or I can use
this little extraction motor to lift it
up and then use it like this and so from
here I can control all types of aspects
of the car there's a few different ways
you can interface as far as the media is
concerned you have Bluetooth online
music USB media files and two HDMI ports
so you just open this up like
this and this is actually pretty cool
because you also get this wireless
charger with an anti-slip mat tons of
USB ports fast charge capable there's
four of them here and they're
illuminated with blue LEDs you also have
a DC if you need a little bit more power
and and then these are mini hdmis so
that's important to note you would need
an adapter listen it's something you're
going to get once and then you'll be
done with it you'll just have a nice
little adapter in there for whichever
device you want to connect you could
even get crazy and try to run like a
game console with an external battery
and an HDMI and play some PlayStation on
this display if you want to now that's
not the only compartment when you're
back here by the way that's just one of
two this is a motorized compartment tons
of that open port wood in this location
we click this button and this motor goes
into action opening this section here we
have two cup holders hot and cold you
have room for a smaller bottle and then
a larger one and you can feel it start
to get cold right away if I click it
again I move into hot mode and what I
love here is it's so obvious which mode
you're in pillows for the lumbar which I
have down there pillows for your head
another funny thing about these seats
they do have isofix under here it's kind
of just a funny thought of like a kid
being in this rear seat being chauffered
around a lot of glass which makes it
feel more open and large and then you'll
probably also see the RGB continues all
through here and it just creates like so
many different diffused lighting zones
another thing you'll notice here
illuminated seat belt buckle a simple
little thing at night you're looking for
this well now you're not really looking
Oh My My Little pillow
came loose there's the cooling ooh
lovely very like powerful cooling by the
way like my butt is cold immediately
just getting getting work done you know
reading my docu reading magazines if I
had a car like this I'd just be back
here reading magazines National
Geographic Mo doesn't even know what a
magazine is the back is better than the
front I mean this is this is wild back
here this is so comfy it's a mybok like
yeah of course that's what you paid for
I had a cousin once that visited when I
was in high school from
Italy
and his favorite thing like if he didn't
understand something we were talking
about sure what
is oh just told me to put my hands on
the wheel right there I was looking away
too much I thought but look at can I say
I mean this is about Comfort it's about
relaxation it's about
refinement it's as if you
gave somebody a mission a team you gave
them a mission you
said make the most comfortable
sophisticated person
moving
vehicle that you possibly can and they
thought of everything they thought of
everything you might
might want to have in something like
that certainly when you step into this
when you drive
it you get a sense for that level of
refinement and the amount of work that
would would have gone
into executing that the idea seems
simple maybe outside of the
electrification the idea what do you
have to have tighter gaps and thicker
glass and and more comfortable seats
with more adjustments and reclines and
the but it's the execution that's
really where the rubber meets the
road for a vehicle like that's really
what matters is the execution you got to
go in there with a fine tooth comb and a
bunch of people got to check on that
manufacturing process and there's so
many different people involved in the
production of a car like this to ensure
that it meets that quality standard and
that's really what sets these Ultra
Luxury Vehicles apart it's what sets
that mybach branding apart from the
standard Mercedes brand which is already
obviously luxurious but will has the
best seat the guy who matters most is in
your seat will like if you're in
Germany right and you're on your way to
an important meeting this car picks you
up and you sit there you're wearing a
suit you are are stressed that's it just
a 10minute Serene Breeze
reprieve this suspension is
ridiculous it's a hovercraft here's like
I'm going to venture off the road a
little bit you didn't feel it that was
dirt that's a dirt you didn't feel it
guy behind me thinks I'm nuts he thinks
the guy in the uh mybach has lost it he
he might not be wrong he might not be
wrong or maybe I gained it maybe I
didn't lose it maybe I gained
[Music]
it cheese
only time can provide yeah like a place
like this yeah without the time it's not
what it is it needs the time you what I
mean
[Music]